# Overview
This project is built using **npx create-react-app**. This app lets users upload .doc files containing text content. The App will generate summary of the content provided by the user.   

# Project-Setup

* requirements : Nodejs and npm

* Clone this repository
    > git clone https://github.com/xeroxPanda32/ByteGenieFrontend.git

* Install the dependencies mentioned in the **package.json** file
    > npm install

* Start the local development server
    > npm start

This should start the local server and should open a browser tab at the url **http://localhost:3000**

# Key functionalities

* Upload document 

The user can upload **.txt** files in the homepage. The files should contain text contents such as a paragraph.

* Dashboard

The user can view the list of previously generated content from their uploaded files.

* View ML generated response

The user can view the ML generated content.

# API end points used

* API to upload file and get ML response

    > end point: backenedUrl + '/getdoc/uploadfile' 

    > method: POST

    > parameters: form-data { "file" : uploaded-txt-file }

    > return: JSON { "modelResponse": "Summary generated by ML" }

* API to get all previosly generated ML content

    > end point: backenedUrl+'/getdoc/allResponses'

    > method: GET

    > parameters: None

    > return : [ { _id, user_id, request_id, prompt: "a girl and a boy led to .", ml_response: { modelResponse : "a girl and a boy led to ...", isSuccess: true }}]

* API to get detailed ML response stored in database

    > end point: backenedUrl + "/getdoc/responsedetails"
    
    > method: GET

    > parameters:  { params: { id }}

    > return : { _id, user_id, request_id, prompt: "a girl and a boy led to .", ml_response: { modelResponse : "a girl and a boy led to ...", isSuccess: true } }

# Key challenges

* Deployment

One of the key challenges faced during deployment on cloud was the communication with backend server. The backend server is hosted with http protocol, while aws amplify provides frontend hosting with https protocol, causing communication blockade.

> Solution : manually hosted the react-app on EC2 instance.

# Improvements

* > Implement User Authentication

Implement user authentication. Building Login, signup, forgot password, email verification, etc.

* > Support for multiple file formats

Currently, only .txt file is supported. In future, support for multiple file formats such as .pdf, .docx, .doc, .csv, etc can be added.

* > Rich website

The website is pretty basic right now. Website with various responsive pages along with animations and multiple features can be added.